\section{Current Status -- 09/03/2020}

According to the classification presented in Tables \ref{tab:nc_test4_1}, \ref{tab:nc_test4_2} and \ref{tab:nc_test4_3}, the 91 {\bf Working} tests were used to demonstrate ESDM functionalities.
There are now three categories in which each test was classified according to their status:

\begin{description}

\item[Success] It means the original test is successful when using ESDM.

\item[Partial Success] It means the original test is successful when using ESDM, but some parts of the code of the test had to be commented out because ESDM does not support that specific feature.

\item[Failure] It means the original test is not successful when using ESDM.
Some of the missing features should be available in a medium-term and others are not expected to work with ESDM at all.

\end{description}

Table \ref{tab:nc_test4_status_3} summarises the results obtained when using ESDM and changing the NetCDF tests accordingly.

\begin{table}[H]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c|}
\hline
\multicolumn{1}{|c|}{Total Files} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Success} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Partial} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Failure} \\
                                  &                              & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Success} &               \\ \hline \hline
91                                &     27                       &       25                     &       39      \\ \hline \hline
\end{tabular}
\caption{\label{tab:nc_test4_status_3} Current status of all tests}
\end{table}

For running the tests with ESDM, the following environment variables have to be set:

\begin{table}[H]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline \\
export NC\_ESDM\_FORCEESDM = 1\\ \\
export NC\_ESDM\_FORCEESDM\_MKFS = 1\\ \\
export ESDM\_LOGLEVEL\_BUFFER = 10\\ \\ \hline
\end{tabular}
\caption{\label{tab:nc_test4_status_1} Environment variables}
\end{table}

Tables \ref{tab:nc_test4_status_1} and \ref{tab:nc_test4_status_2} presents the current status of each test.

\begin{table}[H]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c|}
\hline
\multicolumn{1}{|c|}{\parbox{8cm}{\centering Filename}} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Success} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Partial} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Failure} \\
& &                 Success  &                              \\ \hline \hline
cdm\_sea\_soundings.c   &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
h5testszip.c            & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
ref\_bzip2.c            & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
renamegroup.c           &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
test\_filter.c          &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
test\_filter\_misc.c    &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
test\_szip.c            & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_atts-simple.c      & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_atts.c             &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_atts1.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_atts2.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_atts3.c            & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_attsperf.c         & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_atts\_mod.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_atts\_string\_rewrite.c & $\checkmark$ &           &               \\ \hline
tst\_bug324.c           &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_camrun.c           & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_chunks.c           &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_chunks2.c          &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_chunks3.c          & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_compounds.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_compounds2.c       &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_compounds3.c       &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_converts.c         &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_converts2.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_coords.c           &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_coords2.c          &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_coords3.c          &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_create\_files.c    & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_dims.c             &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_dims2.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_dims3.c            &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_elatefill.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_empty\_vlen\_unlim.c   &           &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_endian\_fill.c     &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_enums.c            &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_files.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_files3.c           &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_files4.c           &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_files5.c           & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_files6.c           &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_fill\_attr\_vanish.c   &           & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_fillbug.c          &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_fills.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_fills2.c           &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
\hline
\end{tabular}
\caption{\label{tab:nc_test4_status_1} Current status of each individual test -- Table I}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c|}
\hline
\multicolumn{1}{|c|}{\parbox{8cm}{\centering Filename}} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Success} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Partial} & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{Failure} \\
& &                 Success  &                              \\ \hline \hline
tst\_filterparser.c     & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_grps.c             &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_grps2.c            &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_h5\_endians.c      &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_hdf5\_file\_compat.c   &           &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_h\_refs.c          &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_h\_scalar.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_h\_strbug.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_interops.c         &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_interops4.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_interops5.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_interops6.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_large.c            & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_large2.c           & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_mem.c              & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_mode.c             &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_mpi\_parallel.c    & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_nc4perf.c          &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_opaques.c          &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_parallel.c         & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_parallel3.c        &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_parallel4.c        & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_parallel5.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_put\_vars.c        & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_tst\_put\_vars\_two\_unlim\_dim.c & $\checkmark$ & &               \\ \hline
tst\_rehash.c           & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_rename.c           &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_rename2.c          & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_simplerw\_coll\_r.c & $\checkmark$ &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_strings.c          &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_strings2.c         &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_sync.c             &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_types.c            &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_udf.c              &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_unlim\_vars.c      & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_utf8.c             &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_v2.c               & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_varms.c            & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
tst\_vars.c             &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_vars2.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_vars3.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_vars4.c            &               & $\checkmark$  &               \\ \hline
tst\_vl.c               &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_xplatform.c        &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
tst\_xplatform2.c       &               &               & $\checkmark$  \\ \hline
t\_type.c               & $\checkmark$  &               &               \\ \hline
\hline
\end{tabular}
\caption{\label{tab:nc_test4_status_2} Current status of each individual test -- Table II}
\end{table}

\clearpage